Always compare prices before buying anything
Are they out of their mind saying that?
Are you coming to her birthday party?
Are you selling your house next year?
Are you trying to sell that radio at the market?
Ask for help if you need it
Call me if you need any help
Can I share my thoughts on this?
Can you show me how it works?
Can you teach me how to cook?
Can you teach me how to dance?
Clean your room before going out
Close the window, it's getting cold outside
Cover your face with your hands
Decide what you want for dinner
Did the ball hit the window by accident?
Did they enter the building through the back door?
Did they really see a UFO?
Did you draw a picture of your family?
Did you forget to pay the electricity bill?
Did you hear her sing about love and loss?
Did you hear they're allowing pets in the building now?
Did you hear? He hurt himself fixing the roof
Did you hear? The car hit a tree
Did you hurt your leg during the football game?
Do you know the way to the hospital?
Do you like playing with your pet cat?
Do you love cooking in your bedroom?
Do you walk through the park every evening?
Do you want to buy his hat?
Don't forget to be on time
Don't forget to bring the ticket
Don't forget to drink more water
Don't forget to pay the bills on time
Don't forget to set your alarm for six
Don't lie again, or you'll suffer
Don't worry about what others think of you
Don't you think it's time for a change?
Don't you think it's time for a change?
Fill the glass with water, would you?
Have you been wearing the same shirt since then?
Have you heard? They're building a house near the sea
He might draw a picture of the village
He tried to catch the falling glass
He tried to catch the falling plate
He's picking up the kids from school
I always forget what's going on
I can't remember where I left my keys
I can't remember where I parked my car
I can't remember where I put my keys
I can't understand why he did that
I can't wait to see my daughter at the airport
I don't know the answer to that
I drew a picture of the land
I hate missing the bus in summer
I learned to sing in front of everybody
I like to listen to music while working out
I love listening to music while cooking dinner
I love to read books in my bedroom
I think we should leave now
I tried to catch the last bus home
I tried to catch up with the others
I tried to hit the ball but missed
I want to read more books this year
I'll be at the event myself.
I'll start the car and drive home
I'm here to help in any way I can
I'm taking the dog for a walk
I've never seen anything like this!
Just say what you mean
Keep working until you finish the job
Let me show you around the city
Let me tell you the story of our journey
Let's call for help - the car broke down
Let's compare prices before we decide
Let's share our food with those in need
Let's talk about the language of love
Let's think outside the box more often
Let's try to walk more and drive less
Let's walk to work to save money
No one else can do it; it's yours.
Please close the door on your way out
Put your coat on, it's cold outside
Remember when we met at the coffee shop last week?
Set the table for dinner, would you?
She ran to catch the last train home
She'll catch a cold in this weather
She'll get that phone call from work
She's planning to move to the west coast
Shouldn't we spend more time with family?
Shouldn't we try to save some money?
The car stops at the next station
The meeting starts in five minutes
The show starts in five minutes
They play football every Sunday afternoon
They sold all their tickets
They're letting us enter the building now
Turn off the radio, please
Use this bottle to carry your water
Wait for me at the bus stop
Wash your hands before you drink tea
Wash your hands before you eat, please
Wash your hands with soap and water
We brought cake to the party
We missed the train by five minutes!
We need to cut back on spending this month
We really need to cut back on spending this month
We'll have to stay home because of the rain
We're planning to visit Rome next summer
We're throwing a surprise party for him
We've got to save up for our holiday
What did you say to him yesterday?
What do you mean by that statement?
What happened to the rest of the cake?
When did you arrive at the airport?
Whether you like it or not, it's happening.
Which movie should we watch?
Who will teach the class next week?
Would you like me to fill your cup with tea?
You should write down your ideas before you forget
