NODDING TO THE BKA officers standing guard outside, Stefan swung open the oakwood door to his private apartment and stepped inside. Shutting it behind him and clicking up the handle, he hung up his woollen overcoat, scuffed the soles of his brogues on the doormat, and inhaled the comforting scents of home. Soft, clean grey carpet, warm wooden furniture, and the honey-sweet tang of the lilies in the vase on the coffee table, made from the finest ebony. Beneath it all lingered the faintest hint of mildew and shoe polish - something that Stefan never found to be unpleasant.
Untying his shoes, he slipped them off, made his way into the living room and called out: “Hello.”
He smiled as one of his personal staff passed him, carrying ingredients through to the kitchen for dinner. “Afternoon, Mr Chancellor. Good day?”
“Very good, thank you, Lars. What time are you expecting to serve up?”
“Oh, not for another hour or so yet, I shouldn’t think. Is that alright, Sir?”
“Absolutely - it’s perfect. Thank you, Lars.”
As Lars hurried away into the kitchen, Stefan dropped his hands into the pockets of his formal trousers, squinting as he glanced out of the window at the setting sun. Despite its fading light, it still burned bright, casting rays of mauve and apricot out over the glittering city and repelling the creeping advances of dusk.
Just as he was about to slump down on one of the pillowy, muted-brown sofas, Stefan turned back to look across the living room at the sound of approaching footsteps. When he saw his wife, Kathryn, his face lit up brighter than the sun itself.
Her dark chocolate hair cascaded around her freckled face in rich, rippling curls, only ever so slightly tangled from the wind. Her rounded glasses glinted as she looked at him, but her arctic-blue eyes glinted brighter still. She was still in her ‘work clothes’ - a floral blouse and high-rise jeans - and Stefan knew that she would have only just got back. He wasn’t usually back this early either, but today turned out to be a quiet day. With the summit fast approaching, that’s unlikely to last for long.
Stefan took a few paces towards her, his lips curving into a warm, affectionate smile. “Hello,” he said, his voice now as soft as a feather as she smiled back at him, folding her arms around his waist and pulling him closer. He entwined his fingers in her hair, relishing the sound of her voice in his ear as she greeted him. They stepped closer still, into a strong, pure, lingering kiss.
It was the best moment of Stefan’s day, every single day.
“How was it today?” he asked her, taking a bottle of ice water from the coffee table and pouring them both a glass, the ice cubes clunking, rattling, then splashing as they rolled down the bottleneck. “Any luck on your stress analysis?”
“Oh, don’t even ask,” sighed Kathryn ruefully. “Found a hotspot in the aft bulkhead of the A350 that’s going to need some pretty strenuous reinforcement.”
“Ah.” Stefan lowered himself onto the sofa with a grunt, and Kathryn came to sit beside him. “Well, that’s not good.”
Kathryn held a job as an aeronautical engineer for Airbus, working out of Berlin city centre most of the time, and Stefan had a military past as a fighter pilot in the German Air Force. It was as a direct result of this that the two of them had ever met at all, and they often enjoyed discussing their interests in aviation together like true, lifelong ‘plane nerds’ (this was what Nikolai often called his friend).
“And did they finally approve your composite layup design?” Stefan queried.
“Finally - and after no less than three iterations. Manufacturing is going to hate me, though.”
“Ah, well. At least it got through in the end.”
“Yes.” Kathryn took a sip of water, shuffling closer to Stefan and lifting a hand to gently rub his shoulder, looking into his eyes with care and curiosity. “How about you? Everything go well down at the Chancellery today? I assume so, since you’re back early like you said you would be.”
“Yes, it went rather well, actually.” Stefan thought for a moment about what he had done today, the glass of water cold and numbing in his grip. “Had a security briefing to discuss the situation in Uzbekistan. Then a meeting with the coalition partners - the FDP wanted to push back on climate proposals and they weren’t having it any other way, so after much deliberation, to keep them happy I conceded on the carbon tax timeline while still trying to hold firm on our targets. Then a working lunch with the economic advisers, which was pretty uneventful… Uhm, what else? Oh, yes. A photo op with some visiting tech CEOs, a call to the opposition leader, and a working session on immigration reform. And that was about it. Oh, and in the morning, a discussion about Switzerland with Nikolai, of course.”
“Oh - how’s he doing?”
“Good, I think.” Stefan nodded; slowly, pensively. “Better than before.”
“And how about Karl? Is he still slacking off at an ‘undisclosed location’ somewhere in the Caribbean?” Kathryn joked.
Stefan rolled his eyes playfully. “Oh, God, you don’t even want to know. It’s the Mediterranean, I believe, and I think he’s somewhere in Spain. Either way, he’s taking the mick. I mean, a three week holiday? I might understand a weekend break, but this is over the top.”
He grinned teasingly, relenting on his witty humour. “He and Petra have sent me some photos earlier, actually. I haven’t had a look yet - do you want to see?”
Stefan pulled his personal phone from the pocket of his suit jacket and clicked it on, opening the secure messaging app and finding the photos. Kathryn peered over his shoulder to look.
“Here we are.” Stefan tapped on the first photo, which appeared to be taken from the terrace of some sort of luxury villa. They hadn’t been looking at it for long when a notification popped up over the screen; Karl was calling him.
“Oh, he’s ringing me.”
Stefan accepted the video call, and he and Kathryn both laughed heartily when they saw Karl lounging on a deckchair in front of a glimmering turquoise pool, his Hawaiian shirt undone and his skin a parched shade of red from the sweltering sun.
“Hello, Karl, you tourist!” beamed Stefan, as Karl held the phone higher so that Petra, his wife, could wave at them from her seat beside him. “And hello, Petra! Well, it looks fucking lovely there, you two! How are you both doing?”
“Buenos dias, mi amigo,” Karl chuckled, lifting up a decadent tropical cocktail to show Stefan and Kathryn and bending over to take a sip. “We’re good, thank you for asking - very good, actually. It’s about thirty-five degrees over here, according to the villa staff.”
“Really?” said Kathryn. “That’s insane! It’s about twenty degrees here.”
“I know!” Karl seemed almost incredulous with delight. “And as if all this isn’t enough, we’ve got half of the fucking Spanish army looking after us; they insisted upon it!”
“Is that because President Pérez has given us his signature?” wondered Stefan. “He was one of the first to sign. Lovely man.”
“Yes, that’s what the soldiers told us. Stefan - this country is bloody great, and the hospitality is fabulous. One thing’s for sure: we’ll definitely be coming here again.”
“Next time, you’d better invite us too!” laughed Kathryn.
“Hah! Well, I’m glad to hear you’re having such an amazing time,” said Stefan. Taking on a note of mellower sincerity, he added: “You deserve it, my friend. You both do. And when are you back again?”
“A few days after the G20, I think.”
“Alright. We’ll see you then.”
“Have a good time at the summit, Stefan, won’t you?” Karl grinned fiendishly, dipping his sunglasses and raising his eyebrows pointedly at his friend. “Don’t piss anyone off, now, will you? Especially not the US or China.”
“I’ll certainly try my best.”

3


STEFAN WOULD NEVER get over how incredible it was. Twenty leaders from across the globe, all gathered in one vast, brightly lit room in the Hamburg Messe. And they were here to discuss the greatest issues their world faced today.
Smoothing back his hair and tugging at the lapels of his jacket, Stefan shuffled in beside Nikolai, who had already taken his place upon the raised podium for the traditional ‘family photo’. This was something that was always done at the start of every summit to serve as a public display of unity. As his chief of staff had quite rightly put it, it was an excruciatingly awkward moment. Things were only made more awkward by the fact that Stefan hadn’t yet had a chance to personally greet all of the attendees. Of course, he had ceremonially greeted them all at the front entrance to the venue, shaking hands and posing for photos, but that was it so far.
“You alright?” he muttered to Nikolai, clasping his hands together in front of him as they both gazed out at the swarm of aides and photographers. Across the shining tiled flooring they all scurried, hastily assembling themselves before the podium and rushing back and forth between leaders to make their final preparations for the photo.
“Yeah, I’m alright,” mumbled Nikolai.
The Russian president was looking rather dapper in a navy suit and bold emerald tie, standing tall and proud with a relaxed, confident expression in his eyes; Stefan could smell his strong, expensive aftershave in the air.
“You really have trimmed up nice and proper for this today, haven’t you?” Stefan remarked teasingly.
“Well, I have,” said Nikolai, his face curving into a boyish grin. “Thank you for noticing.”
“Where is everyone?” wondered Stefan, even though he could see most of the attendees discussing with their aides, or having last-minute adjustments made to their hair and makeup. “I mean, what are they all doing? Why does it take so long just to take one bloody photo?”
Nikolai chuckled softly, snapping off his sunglasses and slipping them neatly into a side pocket. “God, I don’t know. It’s always like this. Every fucking year, and what a waste of time it is. The actual discussions are a different matter, of course - they are absolutely worthwhile, and I think the world would struggle a lot if we didn’t all arrange these kinds of things now and again. But the photo, in my opinion, is unnecessary. It’s nothing but a PR stunt and you know I’m never keen on those.”
Stefan was about to reply when, quite abruptly, a large group of leaders began to approach them, muttering a final few words to their aides before ascending onto the podium and taking their pre-arranged places. Stefan felt himself stiffen. The president of China, the president of Brazil, the prime minister of Canada, the president of France, the prime minister of India… Goodness me, it’s quite the turnout this year. Hah, well - I suppose I did invite them all.
As they passed, Stefan and Nikolai greeted them all with genial smiles and friendly utterances, generally hoping not to make friends but nor to make enemies, as they had both long ago learnt. The leaders would all take their places, the photo would be taken, and then they could truly begin the summit. There would be time for more diplomatic chatter afterwards, before the working lunch. For now, it was all about standing quietly, smiling impartially, and avoiding the catastrophe of someone walking out before they had even begun.
For those of them whose languages he partially knew, Stefan made an effort to greet them in their native tongue, hoping that, as the host, it would make them feel more welcome in Germany. “Nín hǎo,” he said to the Chinese president, smiling warmly. Then, to the Brazilian president: “Bom dia, como está?” And to the president of France, whom he had spoken with only recently: “Bonjour, comment allez-vous?”
Most of them seemed pleasantly surprised that he had started off by speaking to them in their native language. Others simply nodded dismissively and continued walking - but still, Stefan thought it was incredibly important to make the effort.
Then, as the leaders continued to file onto the podium, hastily directed to their places by impatient protocol officers, someone walked towards him whom Stefan had been somewhat dreading to meet. Yet he couldn’t quite decide if it was dread, or merely uncertainty. After everything that had happened last year, and with this country’s long history as a powerful enemy of the German nation, how could Stefan possibly be certain of how to feel about this encounter?
Nikolai seemed to have noticed who was approaching too, because he shifted to face him, lifting his shoulders and narrowing his eyes intently. An enemy of Germany was, inevitably, also an enemy of Russia. As this enemy approached, Stefan felt Nikolai step just a little closer to him, most likely to display their joint partnership in a subtle show of strength. Without having to speak, he communicated to Stefan that he was there, and he was with him all the way - as both a friend and an ally.
Indeed, Archibald ‘Archie’ Sterling, the newly elected president of the United States - succeeding his predecessor, Dalton Kane, who was now behind bars - took a few rangy strides towards them, catching Stefan’s gaze and grinning broadly. And though the grin didn’t last for long, President Sterling was soon extending his hand for Stefan to shake.
Meeting Sterling’s eyes and mustering his finest diplomatic smile, hoping to come across as friendly and unthreatening, Stefan took the president’s hand and gave him his signature shake - something he had practiced and perfected over many years in politics. He clasped from the right side with his dominant hand, then patted the back of Sterling’s hand from the left, without ever moving his hand over the president’s own.
Some politicians deliberately placed their hands on top of the person’s hand which they were shaking, as a show of dominance and to make the other person feel ‘smaller’ or ‘lesser’ than them. Stefan had always avoided such shows of childish arrogance and authority; by patting Sterling’s hand from the side rather than placing his hand on top, he was immediately declaring them both equals.
“Guten Tag, Mr Chancellor. Es ist mir eine Ehre, Sie kennenzulernen,” said Sterling, removing his hand from Stefan’s grip to turn aside and greet Nikolai.
He spoke German to me, and he spoke it well… Now, that makes a good impression.
“Dobroye utro, Mr President,” he said promptly to Nikolai, and Stefan saw the surprise and acknowledgement flicker across his friend’s face.
Nikolai shook the American’s hand firmly and vigorously - as he always did - before dipping his head and replying in English: “Good morning, Mr President. A pleasure to meet you.”
He’s choosing his words carefully - classic Nikolai. ‘Pleasure’ rather than ‘honour’. He’s keeping the higher ground and making it clear to Sterling that he can’t mess with us. That’s good. It’s a show of dominance, but it’s not unnecessary, and it’s certainly not childish. This is a highly experienced politician at work. He’s doing his job well, as always.
“Now, I know this whole thing hasn’t officially started yet,” said Sterling in English - he seemed to be aware that Stefan and Nikolai were both fluent in it, and that it was the language the two friends often conversed in, “but I’d just like to say that I’m sorry for what my predecessor did to you folks.” He lowered his voice slightly, edging closer to them and flicking back his short, gelled silver hair. “And this is off the record, so you know I’m being honest with ya. I’m sorry for it, I really am. That’s not how I want to run my country, and that’s not how I believe the US should act, even towards its adversaries. Corruption’s a no-go for me, and I want to be diplomatic about all this, even if we can’t always agree on everything. But it’s not all about agreement, is it? It’s about diplomacy. I’m sure you both know that.”
Stefan nodded. “Of course; it’s about keeping the peace.”
Sterling pointed energetically at him, enthusiasm lighting up his creased, stubbled face. He seemed old - perhaps a little older than Nikolai - but youthful all the same. “Exactly!” he exclaimed. “Now, that is what I’m talking about, and that is why I signed your campaign - which is incredible, by the way. You’ve got it spot on, Mr Chancellor. Ironically, it looks like we’re agreeing already.” He laughed sharply, brightly. “Oh, now I’d better go and take my place or I’ll get told off. Good luck for today, Mr Chancellor, Mr President.”
Nikolai thanked him, and the two of them remained perfectly still, standing shoulder to shoulder, as they watched him strut away with a spring in his step, greeting each one of the leaders he passed with generally unwavering optimism.
“Well, that was a pleasant surprise,” said Nikolai, leaning closer to Stefan so as not to be overheard.
“Mm… He still can’t be fully trusted - none of our enemies can - but he seems willing to change. After all, he has given us his signature.”
“He’s the most powerful person here,” said Nikolai somewhat gravely, “but if he’s sensible, he’ll know not to cross us. The US military might outnumber the Russians, but the German and Russian militaries combined - now, that’s not something you would want to be dealing with.”
“Precisely,” agreed Stefan. “And that is the show of strength he will be faced with if he attempts an attack against either of us.”
Nikolai nodded firmly.
“But let’s hope that we never have to do that.”
“Of course. As he said, it’s not all about agreeing; it’s about keeping the peace.”
Finally, everyone seemed to have assumed their positions. Stefan looked around to remind himself of the layout. Because Germany is hosting this year, they’ve asked me to stand at the front. Nikolai is on my left shoulder, the same as every year. To the left of him is the Indian prime minister. To my right is the president of France and the prime minister of Italy. In the rows behind us are the rest of the attendees in their usual positions - the Canadian prime minister next to President Sterling, the Japanese prime minister next to the South Korean president, and the Polish president…
Where is the Polish president? I haven’t had a chance to personally welcome him yet…
Stefan looked up to the sound of footsteps on the smooth wood of the podium. As a figure brushed past him, he heard the velvety whisper of luxury fabrics and saw the glittering reflection of a lapel pin in his peripheral vision. He caught a waft of Paco Rabanne, and saw a flicker of icy-blue eyes. Then he saw a faint, hickory-brown moustache, a robust jawline flecked with fashionable stubble, and a head of close-shaven deep brown hair.
Stefan found himself somewhat transfixed as those icy-blue eyes proceeded to sweep across every person on the podium, including the aides and the photographers. They darted from one person to the next, quickly and methodically, and with such a cutting sheen to their glare that it was impossible not to notice. Stefan suddenly found himself to be of the impression that this man was sizing them up.
Then, quite abruptly, he spoke. “Good morning, everyone.” His voice was low, measured and masculine. His face barely moved, his eyes remaining lethally focused, as he brushed past Stefan to find his place on the podium.
And when he spoke, everyone seemed to listen. Just for a moment, all eyes were on President Król.
President Jakub Król of the Republic of Poland.
Then he took his place almost directly behind Stefan, and everyone seemed to stop listening again. But there was still some sort of feeling in the air now that President Król was present. Stefan could sense the man behind him, most likely observing him carefully, and resisted the strange urge to look over his shoulder.
“Right - now we’re all here, can I have everyone’s attention please? And can we have everyone facing the camera?” came the demand of a photographer in front of them. Stefan quickly looked at the camera lens and smiled, inhaling so as to stand taller and present himself more proudly. He braced himself for the flash. “Everyone looking this way, that’s it. OK, that’s looking good. Three, two, one…”
***
The family photo was done and dusted. The welcoming speech was out of the way. After a brief catch-up between leaders - even between adversaries, Stefan often took note of - the morning sessions had gone smoothly. They hadn’t had the opportunity to cover many issues yet, but had mainly briefed one another on ongoing events and given their pre-prepared statements.
Now it was time for the working lunch. More casual than the preliminary working sessions they had sat down to this morning, but still very much political.
Intertwined with a few fleeting pull-asides and subtle whispers from personal advisers, the leaders were gradually finding their designated places at the rectangular banquet table. It was spread with a pearlescent satin tablecloth, carved of the finest African blackwood, and laid with expensive crockery and gleaming silver cutlery. At either side of the long room, flags were draped proudly from the walls.
Stefan smiled fondly as Nikolai took his seat beside him, muttering into his ear as he bent down: “I’m bloody starving, Stefan. The first course had better come out quickly, and you had better be feeding us something edible for once.”
Stefan chuckled under his breath. “It’s spargelsuppe for starters - asparagus soup. Does that meet your standards?”
“Oh, I should think so.”
Returning his focus to the present moment, Stefan looked out across the table as the leaders continued to take their places around him. Sitting opposite him was the president of South Korea, currently distracted by the person sitting next to him - the prime minister of Italy. Stefan soon noticed that President Król had settled himself on the left shoulder of the Italian PM, beside the president of Turkey. As for President Sterling: he was a few seats down towards the other end of the table, already engaged in animated banter with the prime minister of Australia.
A few more moments passed - shuffling brogues on soft carpet, squeaking chair legs, clinking cutlery, hushed voices, flickering smiles. Then, the very instant everyone was settled, the first course was brought out by a long line of waiters, many of them carrying silver platters.
His soup was laid down in front of him, but Stefan didn’t pay any attention to his appetite just yet. Instead, he glanced quickly around the table. Good - everyone has their food, and everyone is focused. Now we can begin.
As he opened his mouth to speak, Stefan briefly felt Nikolai’s reassuring grip on his shoulder, and heard his voice beside him: “You’ve got this, my friend. Tread carefully. Stay focused. You’ve got this.”
Mm… Thank you, Nikolai. I certainly hope you’re right.
In English - the lingua franca that was often used at such meetings - he said: “May I have your attention please, everyone?”
Those who weren’t already watching him promptly turned to face him. Many of them may have had tense relations, and many were even declared adversaries, but every one of them had the manners and simple respect to quieten down without protest, and to look at Stefan as he spoke.
“Thank you all for a productive morning, and I hope not too many of you are looking down at my asparagus soup in disgust right now.” He laughed gently, and heard several leaders appreciate his remark. “Now, I think we all know that we can speak more frankly here, so let’s get straight to business, shall we? We all have busy schedules, after all.”
There were a few nods from around the table. Stefan struggled not to notice how President Król made not even the smallest reaction to the suggestion, his sharp eyes still trained intently on his host. Well, he is certainly focused.
“Right, then. It is my personal opinion that we should start with the currency coordination issue that’s been tabled. Does anyone have anything to raise regarding this issue?”
The Chinese president, Li Hua, was the first to speak - and she spoke excellent English, as always, with no need for the interpreter who hovered aimlessly behind her. “The morning sessions skirted around currency intervention, but I think we need to address it directly. The volatility over the past six months is unprecedented.”
Sterling was the next to make himself heard. “OK, OK. Now, I’m sorry to ruin the mood so soon, but we’re not happy to sit here and be lectured about currency manipulation when the yuan’s been artificially suppressed for a decade.”
“With respect, Mr President,” said the Chinese president rather tightly, “our exchange rate reflects market conditions within a managed float system. On the other hand, the dollar’s strength is destabilising debt markets across the Global South.”
“She’s not wrong,” interjected the South African president, Melokuhle Mthembu. “We’re spending forty percent of our budget servicing dollar-denominated debt because of Fed policy.”
“Mr President, the Fed sets rates based on domestic inflation. We’re not running monetary policy for the world,” retorted Sterling, scoffing a little disbelievingly.
The authoritative, strongly accented voice of the French president, Josephine Dupuis, echoed across the table. “But you benefit from reserve currency status. With privilege comes responsibility, Mr President. It is important to understand that.”
“Yeah, of course, of course,” acknowledged Sterling, dipping his chin. “And I’m sure we’ll find a way around it eventually.” He swept his fringe back again, taking a small mouthful of soup before dunking in his bread with surprising enthusiasm.
There was a small lull in the conversation. Stefan glanced at Nikolai to determine his opinion on what everyone else was thinking. Nikolai simply raised his eyebrows, as if to say: I haven’t figured it out yet. But I’m waiting for my moment to intervene.
Stefan nodded his understanding. Then, quite abruptly breaking the silence, President Król spoke up in that resonant voice of his, strong and commanding.
“What Poland is proposing is a coordinated approach - central banks commit to intervention bands to prevent competitive devaluation.”
The prime minister of the United Kingdom, Angela Collins, tilted forwards slightly in her seat, placing down her spoon and meeting Król’s gaze from across the table. “Intervention bands require everyone to honour them. We tried currency pegs in the nineties; it ended disastrously.”
Now Stefan had something to add the discussion. Prime Minister Collins was misunderstanding the underlying matter, and he felt the need to clarify before they all became confused. Confusion was never conducive to productivity. “Prime Minister, with all due respect - this isn’t a peg, but rather a managed corridor. If the yen drops below 155 to the dollar, we all intervene to stabilise it.”
“But who funds that intervention?” Sterling pointed out. “The Fed’s balance sheet is already strained.”
Hm. He has a valid point, and I would be a fool to dismiss it - no matter the relationship we might have.
“We have substantial reserves,” Król suddenly announced, with a certain note of bold confidence that made Stefan quite curious of him. “We’re prepared to commit fifty billion to a stabilisation fund - if others match.”
“Fifty billion doesn’t move markets any more, I’m afraid,” argued the Brazilian president, Davi Rodrigues. “You would need ten times that budget nowadays.”
“And we can do ten times that budget,” Król replied evenly, his expression barely shifting. “Easily.” He lifted his spoon to his lips. “It’s a proposal. Think of it that way - all of you.”
Perhaps Poland is more powerful than we all might have thought. Their economy has indeed been growing recently… but I wouldn’t have expected this much of an improvement over such a short time.
Or perhaps the president is bluffing. But then again, there’s something in his eyes that tells me he’s not the kind to bluff…
“Perhaps… Perhaps the real issue is that some currencies are weaponised. Sanctions that freeze sovereign reserves undermine the entire international monetary system.”
Stefan looked over to his left. Nikolai was the one speaking now.
What is he doing? This is a whole other matter for a whole different day, and if he’s not careful…
Cautiously, he advised: “That might work better as a separate discussion-”
“But would it?” proposed Nikolai, ever the strong-minded man without coming across as confrontational. “You’re asking us to coordinate on currency while the US can simply lock countries out of dollar clearing.” He gestured across the table to President Sterling, who now seemed to have entirely forgotten about his soup. “I think we would be… naive to trust any framework that doesn’t address that.”
Raising his hands, Nikolai added modestly: “Again, I don’t mean you any disrespect, President Sterling. Simply pointing out an issue that matters.”
“Sure, sure,” agreed Sterling, evidently not taking any offence. But then his expression seemed to darken, his gaze sharpening like that of an eagle when he said: “Same goes for you, Mr President.”
Stefan felt a wave of tension crackle through him. He felt his hands stiffen against the table, and he felt Nikolai stiffen beside him.
“President Sterling, as host I am going to remind you that we often find it helpful to maintain a certain standard at these meetings. Would you rather derail this summit with provocations or return to the issue at hand, given we do not have much time together in which to make considerable progress?”
Everyone was looking either at Stefan or President Sterling. The American opened his mouth to give a biting response, then exhaled the words in hoarsely defeated silence, saying nothing.
Stefan sat back in his chair, pursing his lips in acknowledgement of Sterling’s awkward retreat. He didn’t wish to come across as disproportionately hostile - even to an enemy - but nor did he want to let Sterling think that he could push them around. It just wasn’t worth the risk; the upper ground in this situation was the difference between world peace and World War III.
“President Volkov, please continue.”
Quiet enough so that no-one else heard, Nikolai whispered to his friend: “It’s alright, but thank you.” Then, raising his voice again: “President Sterling, would you care to - diplomatically - voice your opinion on this matter?”
Sterling looked surprised, to say the least. Either way, he quickly composed himself and seized the opportunity to share his thoughts. “Sanctions are a foreign policy tool against aggression, not monetary manipulation. For that reason, I’m afraid I don’t agree with you, Mr President.”
“Though it does raise the question of whether dollar dominance itself is sustainable long-term,” added Saanvi Mishra, the Indian prime minister.
“But I think we’re veering off topic now,” said Prime Minister Collins. “Currency coordination is about market stability, not reserve currency debates.”
“They’re inseparable,” Nikolai disagreed. “You can’t stabilise a system built on unilateral power.”
Two more hours passed; two more hours of circular arguments about trade policy, currency coordination, military spending and everything in between; and two more courses consisting of sauerbraten  - a German marinated pot roast - with red cabbage and potato dumplings, followed by berry compote for dessert.
But overall, Stefan viewed the lunch as a productive one. There may have been multiple disagreements, but there were agreements too. Many critical decisions were made over those two hours alone. And after Sterling’s snarky comment to Nikolai, there was very little tension in the room, making discussions easier still.
So, at around half past two in the afternoon, the leaders began to file out of the dining room, to proceed to a smaller conference room for further working sessions, which would be publicised and supervised by their aides.
However, before these sessions there would be a short break as always, for leaders to catch up on any news from their home countries and debrief with their advisers. Stefan was making his way out of the dining room into the corridor, heading for his chief of staff who was waiting for him at the side, when he heard someone behind him. At first, he looked around with a smile, for he assumed Nikolai to be approaching him. But then he saw that his friend was some way ahead of him, exchanging remarks and handshakes with Prime Minister Collins.
No - the man striding towards him was certainly not Nikolai. In fact, he was President Król.
And, quite broadly, the president was smiling at him.
“Mr Chancellor,” he greeted him. Right there, in the middle of the corridor, with most of the other leaders around them, he offered out his hand for Stefan to shake and landed a firm pat on his shoulder.
Concealing his bewilderment, Stefan calmly went along with his gesture, patting his rough hand from the side and watching closely for his reaction. To his surprise, Król didn’t seem eager to assert his dominance. Instead, he kept his hand flat and open, as though openly inviting Stefan to take the higher ground.
“I haven’t had the chance to say it yet, but it is an honour to finally meet you.”
Stefan found himself warming to the man already. He seems… kind. Much kinder than I had expected, from the way he behaved during lunch. “Thank you… President Król. The honour is all mine.”
After quite some time, Król removed his hand from Stefan’s grip and placed a hand on his back, as though leading him to an exit. “My apologies for hurrying this along so insensitively, but would you mind speaking somewhere with me - in private?”
Stefan flinched, an unmistakable feeling of unease intensifying within him that he just couldn’t shake. He hesitated, resisting Król’s touch. “I’m sorry?”
Król stared at him, his brow furrowing. Then, seeming quite embarrassed, he hastily assured Stefan: “Oh, I’m sorry. I apologise if I came across as confronting, or… or inappropriate. It was not my intention. I merely have something to discuss with you.”
From across the corridor, Stefan unwittingly caught Nikolai’s gaze. The Russian president stepped away from Prime Minister Collins, his eyes narrowing in puzzlement when he saw Stefan standing beside Król.
Quite abruptly, Król steered Stefan off to one side and hurried him through a closed door.
Stefan couldn’t quite understand what was happening. The door thudded shut, and he found himself alone in a deserted conference room. President Król locked the door; Stefan shuddered at the sound. What on earth is he doing…? Planting a heavy hand on Stefan’s shoulder, he was suddenly looking directly into his eyes.
“I’m sorry, Mr Chancellor,” he said, lowering his voice almost to a whisper. “Please, forgive me for my rash behaviour, but this is extremely urgent. And it is not safe to discuss it somewhere others can overhear us.”
When he said ‘others’, Stefan had the most peculiar feeling that Król meant someone in particular.
“What do you mean, Mr President?” Stefan stammered. “What… what are you talking about? I don’t understand the meaning-”
“Forgive me, Mr Chancellor, but this is urgent.” The president’s voice grew pressing; almost insistent. “Hence, I must get straight to the point. I saw how you defended President Volkov during lunch. You are allied with Russia, are you not?”
“Yes,” frowned Stefan, somewhat struggling to find his words. “Yes… Germany is allied with Russia, and Nikolai has been a very close friend of mine for a long time now.”
Stefan swallowed.
“Why do you ask, Mr President? What is this to you?”
“It should be absolutely nothing to us,” acknowledged Król, “but unfortunately, in light of new information we have unintentionally uncovered, it is everything to us now.”
All the while, he kept his hand on Stefan’s shoulder. All the while, their gazes remained keenly interlocked.
“How much do you trust President Volkov, Mr Chancellor, may I ask?”
What the fuck? What sort of pull-aside is this?!
Though flustered by Król’s disturbing question, Stefan barely had to think about his answer. “With my life, Mr President. I would trust him with my life, and on occasion, I have.” A rush of indignation reached Stefan’s head, and he decisively pulled free from Król’s contact, his heart throbbing in his ears. “What does any of this matter to you? Our countries are not allied, I have never met you before today, and the only relationship we have is one of essential trade and border security. President Król, you have no right to ask me anything of the sort about Germany’s relationship to Russia!”
“I know, and I am deeply sorry.” However ‘deeply sorry’ he apparently was, Król seemed to continue swiftly with his affronting line of questioning. “Mr Chancellor, you say you trust this man with your life. But would you believe me if I told you that your life - and the safety and security of your country - is hanging in the balance because of him?”
It took every ounce of strength Stefan possessed not to physically recoil at such words. His heart thrashed again, much harder this time, sending another sizzling pulse of adrenaline into his bloodstream. What the FUCK is he saying?! Is there even any truth behind his outrageous words?
“I absolutely would not!” declared Stefan, and he could feel his entire being bristling with raw emotion now. He wouldn’t be surprised if the entire building could hear them now that he had raised his voice; that was somewhat deliberate on his part.
Król held up his hands in a desperate attempt to either soothe or silence Stefan, and Stefan couldn’t be sure which it was, until he demanded through clenched teeth: “Lower your voice or he will hear us! Please, Mr Chancellor - let me explain.”
“Do you mean Nikolai?” Stefan threw down his hands, curling them into fists as he made for the door. “This is utterly unbelievable. How completely immature of you, President Król. I will be reporting you for this breach of personal security. And I’m afraid I will find it difficult after this encounter to view Poland as anything except an adversary.”
“WAIT!”
Stefan’s hand landed on the door handle, at the very moment that President Król’s fist tightened around his forearm.
Oh, my God. Now, this has gone way too far. This is something else now.
Stefan gave him a look of pure, seething aggression - an emotion that he found himself fighting to suppress, while some part of him longed to embrace it. “Let go of me. Right now. You have crossed a line. Step back.”
“I know you have no reason to trust me, Mr Chancellor, and I know this must be so difficult to understand, but you have to believe me.”
Król’s grip remained steady around Stefan’s arm - unyielding, but not painful. Without attempting to resist, Stefan kept the man in his sights, the adrenaline still bubbling in his chest. “About what exactly? What do you insist that I believe?”
“You can’t trust President Volkov as your friend. You can’t trust Russia as your ally. Mr Chancellor, since only very recently - although it was most likely planned over many, many years - Russia has become your enemy. Russia was never truly your ally.”
Stefan felt himself quiver slightly. As to why he still hadn’t called for security, he wasn’t quite sure himself. “And on what grounds do you base these… allegations?” he said, his tone revealing that he was still intensely distrusting of the man who held him captive in the locked conference room.
“I thought you might ask.”
Finally releasing Stefan’s arm, dark sweat stains lingering on the fabric where his hand had been just a moment ago, Król reached into the inside pocket of his jacket and pulled out a folder stamped ‘classified’.
He opened it and turned to the second page, passing it to Stefan.
Stefan didn’t know whether he even wanted to look. What was all this, anyway? An ambitious new president trying to manipulate him into agreeing with his policies? Some kind of stealthy powerplay meant to intimidate him?
Or was it true?
No. Absolutely not.
How could it be true? How could Król’s claims possibly be true? Nikolai was one of the closest friends Stefan had ever had. They had been through everything together. They had looked out for one another through thick and thin. Stefan would do anything for Nikolai, and he hoped that the feeling was mutual.
No - he didn’t hope that it was. He knew it. Because that was how true friendship worked.
Their relationship had always been so much more than a political alliance. They were friends, in the very purest sense of the word. They loved one another like brothers.
And now Stefan held a folder in his hands, most likely property of the Polish government, that could change everything.
If it’s even real; if any of this can even be believed. Because how can I trust the word of a stranger? How can I-?
Stefan’s thoughts broke away before he had the chance to complete them. His eyes had dropped subconsciously to the folder and, without even really realising it, he had read the first line of text.
Banking records and financial transactions for what seemed to be artillery, missiles, and various chemical agents.
He read the next line.
Satellite and reconnaissance reports detailing military buildups near borders. Unusual naval deployments. Activity at weapons facilities. Specifically nuclear weapons facilities.
Transcripts of encrypted military communications, discussing troop movements and resource allocation.
Human intelligence reports. Samples of technical analysis documents. Scientific assessment of weapons testing, chemical weapons production, and cyberwarfare capabilities.
Graphs, conclusions and tables. Timestamps, metadata and collection details.
It all looked completely authentic. Stefan could find no flaws in it whatsoever; not a single mistake that might lead him to think it was fabricated.
And at the very top of the first page, printed in bold black text, was ‘Intelligence Report on Russian Military Activity’.
Stefan’s heart was thundering. His adrenaline was churning. He was physically shaking. The room had long since begun to spin around him.
But still, his gaze returned to the military communications transcript, and he saw something he hadn’t noticed before.
A lot that he hadn’t noticed before.
SIGINT INTERCEPT - CLASSIFIED
Source: Russian Western Military District encrypted channel
Collection Date: 02-04-26
Confidence Level: Medium High
[Fragment 1 - 04:23 UTC] “…logistics train Echo-Seven confirmed. Forward staging at Kaliningrad complete by the 15th. Remind all battalion commanders - operational security protocols during Phase One movement…”
[Fragment 2 - 04:31 UTC] “…fuel reserves sufficient for 72-hour sustained operations. After link-up with second echelon forces, resupply corridors through Polish corridor as discussed…”
[Fragment 3 - 09:17 UTC] “Command confirms weather window opens on the 23rd. Air superiority must be established within first 6 hours. Target packages for Rhine crossings are…” [SIGNAL LOST]
[Fragment 4 - 14:52 UTC] “…civil administration teams briefed on occupation protocols? Berlin sector assignments need confirmation before we…” [INTERFERENCE]
Stefan tried to lift his hand to turn the page, but it refused to move. He tried to comprehend what he was seeing, but he simply could not.
He tried to comprehend whether this was real, and found himself returning to the overwhelming likelihood that it was.
He tried to comprehend how a man he had known for so long, and whom he loved and trusted like family, was planning a full-scale military attack on his country.
“Every intelligence source has been verified by my government; it’s genuine. We came across it unwittingly during a routine border surveillance operation, and my intelligence analysts pieced together the rest of it over several weeks.”
Król was speaking, but Stefan couldn’t truly hear him above the furious torrent of his terror. His terror, his shock, and his horror. He was deafened by horror, while still clinging to some small shred of disbelief.
“I’m sorry, Mr Chancellor. I am sure you understand now why I felt the need to inform you of this as soon as possible. I would have told you when I arrived this morning, but every time I saw you, you were standing with President Volkov. And I might have asked one of my team to send you the message when we found out - which was only a day or two ago, mind you - but I felt the need to tell you personally; it is simpler, and that way, I felt I had more chance of you believing what I said.
“We will do everything we can to intercept the Russian troops as they cross through our country to reach Germany, but other than that, the most I can do is warn you. We may also be able to offer you a certain amount of financial support, but I will of course have to discuss such matters with my advisers.
“Mr Chancellor, I understand that we are not allies and that we never have been, and I realise I have no need to tell you any of this at all… but I felt I had to. As a human being, I felt I had to. Please, do not see this as a request for allegiance, or a political move in any sense. It is simply… a helping hand.”
Stefan lacked the capacity to reply. The folder slipping from his sweating, shaking hands, he sank to his knees, slumping back against the doorframe. His eyes glazed over with fear; his fingers felt numb against his thighs.
Why? How?
That was all he could think. The same thoughts, spinning round and round in his head like a whirlpool. Why would Nikolai do this? How would he ever think of doing this? How would it ever even cross his mind?
“After everything we’ve been through,” he said, somehow speaking aloud now, though not truly feeling his own voice, “how could he do this? Why would he do this? You seem to be telling me that my ally - my friend - is planning to go to war with my country… but I just can’t understand why.”
“My analysts uncovered a series of documents suggesting that, over the years, Russia has taken note of Germany’s abundant coal and timber reserves. It seems that this is a plan not only to expand Russia’s territory, but to strengthen it as a whole.”
Strengthen it… To strengthen it… To strengthen Russia. To strengthen Russia by weakening Germany, and by shattering our friendship.
Stefan pressed his head back against the wall, bracing himself against it as he struggled to his feet. President Król offered him a hand, and Stefan took it, holding on tightly.
He still couldn’t feel his limbs. His heart ached, almost in physical suffering, and his thoughts were dashing across his mind like bolts of lightning. But he knew what he had to do.
There was an extreme and immediate threat to the safety of his country and his people. He had to act now; he had no other option other than to treat this information as genuine, and as the most urgent of matters, or it might very soon be too late.
“Mr President… please, get me my chief of staff.”