“WHAT IS IT, Mr Chancellor? Something’s wrong, isn’t it? I mean, obviously I realised something was up when the Polish president came rushing out of this room to fetch me on your behalf.”
Of course, Stefan should have known. Even a fool could tell that he was a man steeling himself for one of the most dangerous and distressing times of his life. His sweat-dampened fringe was stuck to his forehead; his face was flushed faint red, the veins pulsing frantically in his tensed jaw. His eyes were bloodshot, ever so slightly stained with tears and alive with a current of constant, conflicting fear.
Stefan reached out a trembling hand for the door handle, clicking it shut and extending an arm to shakily straighten his tie. He was aware that his good posture was rapidly degrading, most likely with the sudden stress that now weighed down upon him; he stood with a prominent stoop, his head bowed as if defeated already, whilst throbbing with the worst migraine he had ever endured.
Now that the door was shut to the empty conference room and President Król was outside, it was just Stefan and his chief of staff, as he had requested. She was the most appropriate member of staff currently present for him to confide in first during such a crisis, and for all Stefan knew, he might have mere minutes to tell her everything.
“Mr Chancellor? What’s wrong?” she asked him again in German. “Sir, I don’t mean you any disrespect at all, but you look… dreadful.”
Stefan abruptly realised that he hadn’t yet said so much as a word to Freya. Lifting his head, he laid a hand against the wall, steadying himself against the doorframe.
Oh, my God. I don’t think I can even tell her. I don’t think I can even find my words.
This can’t be happening. This just cannot be happening.
“Freya… President Król brought me in here to tell me something.” He swallowed down the break in his voice, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. Then he faltered completely. A crippling surge of horror and anguish swept through him, and a desperate, helpless sob escaped him. “Freya, I…”
God, I’m a fucking wreck. This feels so, so terrible. I… I can’t tell her… I just can’t tell her. I can’t even admit it to myself…
“Oh, Mr Chancellor.” Freya hurried across the room to him, tentatively laying a feather-light hand on his forearm to support him, and seeming uncertain of whether her reassurance was appropriate. “Mr Chancellor… is everything OK? Please, tell me what’s happened - then we can work this out together.”
“There… there is no working it out… I don’t think there can be. Freya… President Król brought me in here to tell me something. At first, I thought it was a simple pullaside like any other, but… He started to behave strangely. I tried to leave, but he stopped me. Then he… gave me this folder.”
Stefan slapped the folder into Freya’s hands, wrenching his head away as he dropped it, because even looking at it was agony to him; like poison in his veins. It’s not real. Maybe if I look away, it’s not real. Maybe I’m just imagining all of this.
Maybe I’ll wake up… and it will all be OK again. I’ll call Nikolai, we’ll discuss the authorisation of our support package for Switzerland, and we’ll laugh about the weather, and the news, and life. I’ll see that sparkle in his eyes again; that sparkle that I thought I knew so well. That sparkle that only truly appears when he laughs. That look that I thought indicated trustworthiness, openness, and integrity. The look of a true, honest friend.
What if I was wrong? So wrong…?
“Mr Chancellor, this…” Freya looked up at him, her face twisted in a deep, resounding pang of shock. “What is this?”
“It’s a compilation of intelligence reports gathered by the Polish military,” Stefan told her gravely, hating how weak and tremulous his words sounded. “Intelligence reports on… Russian military activity over the past weeks.”
Freya seemed to be struggling to process what she was seeing, just as Stefan still was. “But, Mr Chancellor, I don’t understand. This-”
“I know, Freya. I know.”
“But… none of this makes any sense. Surely this is-”
“Some sort of mistake? A fabrication? Manipulative political powerplay?” Stefan chuckled ruefully - a shallow, desperate sound that shook the air in the conference room with a dark energy. “I wish, Freya. But the overwhelming facts point to it being completely genuine. And if we don’t act now, it will be too late.”
“Mr Chancellor… can you…?” His chief of staff raised a hand to her forehead, as though attempting to massage away the confusion and shock that plagued her. “Can you just clarify this for me?”
Stefan nodded limply.
“So… President Król gave you these documents?”
“He did.”
“As a gesture of kindness and impartial support?”
“That is what he called it, and what it seems to be.”
“And… these documents… They seem to indicate that… Russia is planning to invade Germany.”
Stefan felt his heart leap forwards in his chest. “Yes.”
“But… in the next four days.”
Stefan nodded again.
“Mr Chancellor, this is…”
“Insane - I know. And we are overpowered by tens of thousands in terms of nuclear warheads. We are outnumbered by hundreds of thousands in terms of boots on the ground. We are caught off guard, we are floundering around in the dark with information we can only partially trust… and yet we must take it as the truth. If we don’t, Germany could be burnt to the ground in a week’s time.”
My God.
I hadn’t fully realised it - not until the words left my mouth. But now… Now I see it for what it truly is.
This is a catastrophe. A huge, international, full-scale military catastrophe. And the only thing we can do is defend ourselves with everything we have.
“Shit. OK, then… We need to act right away. Sir, open the door please - we need to get moving.”
Stefan swung open the door and held it open for her, slipping out behind her. She set a rangy, purposeful pace down the corridor, shouldering past several leaders and their aides without risking a single second to apologise. Stefan’s heart began to pound harder than before, sending the adrenaline to his head.
“We need to get you out of here as soon as possible, and to the crisis centre back in the Chancellery. We need to alert the military chiefs, the Defence Minister, the Foreign Minister, and the head of the BND, so they can meet you at the Chancellery. Then, we need to figure out how we act first - the choice is always going to be between immediate mobilisation and avoidance of immediate mobilisation due to the risk of provocation.”
Stefan already knew the answer. The emotions rushed to his head and the words were out of his mouth before he had time to decide otherwise. “Immediate mobilisation,” he declared with a tainting of bitter hostility, jabbing a finger towards the floor to emphasise his command. “There isn’t a doubt in my mind about it. We need to make it undeniably clear to Nikol- President Volkov that his smartest and only option is to back down before conflict has even truly begun. A show of strength is what we desperately need.”
“That’s for you to decide with the Ministers when you reach the crisis centre, Sir,” advised Freya. “But, yes - personally, I think a full and immediate show of strength would be best.” The pace of her speech began to quicken, and Stefan could see her recalling her crisis management training as her mind churned through the facts, hastily trying to conclude with some sort of preliminary course of action. “For now, Sir, we need to get you to a secure location. As I’m sure you know, the crisis centre is situated under the Chancellery and doubles up as a nuclear bunker, so we can take you there straight away. I need to inform the rest of the team, and we need to tell your security detail what’s happening.”
Stefan could feel his senses sharpening. The adrenaline pulsing through him no longer seemed to weaken him, but strengthen him; yet some part of him still seemed to think that he was merely blocking out his true emotions, to focus on what mattered right now.
He saw the disturbed, baffled stares as they marched down the corridor together, and he saw President Król gazing after them, exchanging words with his senior adviser.
Then he saw Nikolai.
He caught a glimpse of his familiar face from across the corridor, and immediately found himself painfully incapable of looking away.
The Russian president had been pulled to one side by his chief of staff as the other leaders proceeded to the afternoon sessions, occupied with leafing through some insignificant paperwork.
But when he saw Stefan, he knew at once that something was wrong. His eyes widened with concern, his brow crinkling with confusion. He opened his mouth as though to call out to him, but said nothing.
For just a single second, the two men’s gazes were interconnected once again. But the longer Nikolai looked at him, the more Stefan found himself questioning every inch of the man’s expression. Can his frown of concern be believed? Is the brightness in his eyes genuine? Is the paperwork he holds truly insignificant, or does it regard the attack he is plotting against me?
Stefan could feel his emotions building. They rose and rose like steam in a geyser, until all at once, they boiled over irrepressibly.
“DON’T FUCKING LOOK AT ME!”
Lunging forwards, he shoved Nikolai back against the wall in a blaze of uncontrollable outrage, his hands making firm contact with his shoulders and pushing forwards with excessive force. Nikolai cried out as the plasterboard smacked into his spine, failing to brace himself against the vicious impact.
Tearing himself away from the sight of the astonished president, Stefan broke into a run, not daring to look back. He had yelled the words with such vehement passion and tormented hatred that he expected every person within twenty metres had heard him. But he didn’t care anymore. He was running now. Freya was calling out from behind him, but he didn’t care to listen. Without thinking, he charged through the nearest doorway and wrestled to fasten the lock in his wake.
He slammed his head into the hard wood of the door, making it shudder on its hinges. Twice, then three times. The bangs reverberated through the confined, dimly lit room. Screaming through painfully gritted teeth; digging his nails into the soft flesh of his palms; pinning his sweating forehead against the wood.
He felt something snap within him, then crumble into oblivion. Punching the wall with his fist, his knees subsided beneath him. Hopelessly, he sank down - down, down, down, until he was slumped against the door, the tension draining slowly from his muscles.
But the torment did not leave his body. The awful, suffocating feeling that told him the world was ending around him still remained. The horrific feeling that Nikolai had always been his enemy. A barefaced liar. A scheming traitor. An adversary in disguise.
For more than a decade.
Oh, God. Oh, GOD. I CAN’T TAKE THIS!
I CAN’T FUCKING TAKE IT!
Stefan opened his mouth and screamed into his shoulder.
The tears began to cascade down his cheeks. Nikolai’s face kept flickering across the forefront of his mind, overshadowing all other thoughts, and he fought madly - vainly - to force it out.
Darkness spiralled around him, engulfing him in its far-reaching tendrils of grief. All-seeing, overwhelming, and utterly impossible to repel.
“Chancellor Adler?”
A blinding spark of light flashed across Stefan’s vision. Squinting, he cautiously turned his head towards it, shifting slightly away from the door as he did so.
A phone torch blared into his eyes, and was quickly turned off, revealing the figure that preceded it.
“Chancellor Adler… is that you?” said President Sterling, in a voice softer than any Stefan had ever known him to speak with. “Can… can I help you, Mr Chancellor?”
Stefan made out an outstretched hand, hesitantly advancing through the shadows towards him. He didn’t have the mental capacity to be embarrassed, nor to reject the gesture of goodwill. So he took hold of it, and allowed himself to be pulled to his feet once again.
“Are you alright, Mr Chancellor?”
Sterling’s question may have been brief and uninvasive, but it was for that very reason that Stefan felt inclined to answer it truthfully. In a voice still choked with tears and tight with pain, he told the president: “No. No, it’s not…”
Sterling slipped his hand free from Stefan’s wrist, seeming to be fumbling for any sort of suitable reply. Then both men flinched when, without warning, the room became brightly illuminated with flickering light.
“Oh, shit!” scoffed Sterling. “Those goddamn motion-sensor lights finally came on. And to think that I was in here for the past five minutes, stumbling around in the dark trying to get some crumbs outta my teeth.” He grinned, and Stefan found that the expression was surprisingly self-deprecating, to an almost endearing extent.
Slowly, Stefan glanced around, blinking to clear the fuzziness from his vision. In a panel of glistening mirrors fixed to the wall, he could see his own broken reflection, and instantly felt reluctant to acknowledge it. Indeed, they were standing in a small public toilet, with two vacant cubicles against the furthermost wall and a row of pristine porcelain sinks to their left.
In this light, Stefan could see President Sterling clearly. He was bewildered to see what appeared to be a glimmer of genuine compassion in the man’s eyes.
“Sorry ‘bout that,” smiled Sterling. “You were saying?”
It was now that Stefan’s head began to pulse, most probably from the rage he had inflicted upon it. He rubbed it sorely, running a finger over his temples and along the bridge of his nose, and groaning with the discomfort it brought him.
He opened his mouth, but found that only a hoarse sob escaped him. A fresh tear rolled down his skin, and he hung his head towards his feet. God, I can’t even look at him. He must think me insane… And to be portraying myself so weakly before an adversary… what a foolish, foolish situation to find myself in…
“Oh - hey, hey.” Sterling took a cautious step towards Stefan, tentatively extending an arm, then lowering it again when Stefan seemed not to notice. “Buddy, you’re OK. You’re… You’re gonna be OK - just stay calm. What’s wrong?”
“I can’t tell you,” murmured Stefan, shielding his face from view as he dabbed away his tears with the back of one hand. “I can’t tell you… It’s political. I’m sorry. I just can’t tell you.”
“Oh… yeah.” Exhaling heavily, Sterling turned away for a moment, seeming somewhat humiliated. “Of course. No - of course you can’t. Not to worry, not to worry… Uh… OK. Well, you don’t have to tell me. Of course you don’t have to tell me, but…”
His words trailed away into another sigh, as if conflicted. Then he stepped closer to Stefan and rested a hand on his shoulder, squeezing him reassuringly.
What on earth is he doing…? Stefan shifted under the unexpected touch, drawing in a rasping breath. But yet he didn’t step away. In fact, he found himself drawing great comfort from the hand on his shoulder.
“Oh, come here, buddy. Come here.”
Sterling opened up his arms and folded Stefan into a hug, slapping him bracingly on the back. In his flurry of pure, pained desperation, Stefan found himself leaning into the embrace. It most certainly didn’t cure him - but it soothed him. It was nothing more than a neutral gesture of humanity and of support, from a colleague to a colleague, and that was part of what made it so powerful.
Through all of his misery, the fact that Stefan was hugging a sworn enemy failed to unsettle him; rather, it seemed entirely irrelevant in that moment. Right now, Sterling didn’t seem like an enemy. He was simply a friendly shoulder to lean on; a much-needed beacon of light in the very darkest of places Stefan had ever found himself in.
“Thank you,” Stefan breathed. “Thank you…”
Sterling patted him on the back again, nodding softly against him. “That’s alright. That’s quite alright.”
There stretched a long, emotional silence. The pain in Stefan’s head began to ease, but the pain in his heart still did not relent - though it may have subsided ever so slightly.
Either way, Stefan had regained the strength to say what he wanted to say.
“Sterling… I know that even this interaction - if anyone saw it - could be the end of us both politically, but… thank you. You’re a very kind man for doing this. And I think I needed it.”
Gently, Sterling pulled away, squeezing Stefan’s shoulder again and fixing him with a steady, unwavering smile. He looked gratified, to say the very least, to hear Stefan’s reaction to his gesture. “I hope that whatever’s happened, you find your way through it. Hey, if…” He pursed his lips, seeming to think for a moment - or perhaps deliberate over what he was about to say.
Nevertheless, he said it anyway.
“If you need the US to back off for a while, then maybe we can do that. We disagree over something - we keep it to ourselves. Tariffs, trade policies, geopolitics” - he gesticulated dismissively with both hands, nodding fairly - “we can forget about all of it for a few weeks. You can forget about us for a little while, if that makes things easier. I don’t know what Germany is going through right now, and I understand that you can’t tell me, but we won’t kick you when you’re down. OK?”
Stefan eyed him teasingly - though truthfully, he was extremely comforted by Sterling’s gesture of pure, honest goodwill. “You know we can’t shake hands, Sterling. That would be a step too far.”
Sterling chuckled warmly. “Of course. Now, you go get ‘em, Mr Chancellor; I’m sure you’re a very busy man.”
“Thank you, Mr President.”
“I’ll see y’around.”

5


“MR CHANCELLOR - THANK goodness you’re here.”
Stefan had only seconds ago set foot inside the Federal Chancellery’s crisis centre - often referred to as the ‘Situation Room’ - and it was, indeed, the first time he had set foot in it for many months. That was a good thing, he supposed.
As he stepped inside onto the dark, carpeted floor, the BKA officers stationed outside closed the thick sandalwood door behind him with a hollow thud. The air was heavy with the weight of trepidation, the room brightly lit yet darkened with tension.
The high-speed motorcade ride to Berlin had been nauseating, adrenalising, and ribbed with suspense. Stefan had been given preliminary briefing documents to review on a tablet, but he had barely been able to focus - not after the spontaneous way in which they had departed from the Hamburg Messe, causing such commotion and attracting such attention. He wouldn’t be surprised if footage of his sudden exit from a high-profile summit he was hosting was already headline news across the country.
I don’t want to be here. Oh, God - it is already awful. I don’t want to be here. I just don’t know if I can do this…
Sitting around a sleek, rectangular table in the centre of the Situation Room were several senior members of the German Armed Forces, the Defence Minister, the Foreign Minister, and the president of the Federal Intelligence Service. The German flag and the emblem of the BND were draped from the walls at either end of the room. Every inch of it was thoroughly clad in soundproofing and anti-bugging technology. It was very much a bombproof, spyproof fortress beneath the Federal Chancellery. And Stefan hated the fact that he found himself here.
Standing out of his chair near the head of the table, beckoning Stefan over and donning full formal military attire, was Friedrich Krause, Inspector General of the German Armed Forces.
A sharp-faced man with a strong jawline and a wiry, greying moustache, publicly he was known for his brutal yet highly skilled approach to uses of military force. Privately, Stefan knew him as an extremely talented yet powerfully headstrong man. Now Stefan would be relying almost solely on his knowledge, decision-making and experience, during what would inevitably turn out to be one of the most trying conflicts in world history.
“Mr Chancellor,” Inspector General Krause called out again, as though growing impatient and prompting Stefan to take his seat. Bold and headstrong he was indeed.
“Hello, everyone,” Stefan greeted them, failing to hide the constant look of panic and unease swirling in his eyes.
“Good afternoon, Mr Chancellor,” came the unified response.
Keeping a firm, sweating grip on the attache case Freya had given him, and remembering her last words to him before he had entered the Situation Room - “Remember, Sir: establish the facts, reach a unanimous opinion, and make a decision” - Stefan assumed his seat at the head of the table. The leather swivel chair felt stiff and unfamiliar beneath him. With hands that he failed to keep steady, he unbuckled the case and removed the documents and notes contained within.
I don’t want to have to do this. This shouldn’t be happening. I don’t want to have to make any sort of decision concerning such a matter…
And yet I must.
Stefan swallowed back the rising fear in the back of his throat. Still, his voice was weakened by a lingering tremor when he spoke.
“Inspector General Krause, you may begin.”
“Thank you, Sir.” Krause rose again from his seat and clicked a button on a remote control, switching on the large screen at the end of the room. “Now, first to very quickly brief everyone.” The screen displayed satellite surveillance images and snippets of intercepted radio communications, presumably extracted from President Król’s folder of evidence. “We have received credible intelligence from the Polish government that our greatest, most long-standing ally, Russia, is planning an imminent attack on the German nation, with the sole intention of occupying our territory. This intelligence includes satellite surveillance images, decrypted Russian military communications, and evidence of increased Russian military activity along the border, specifically at bases situated in advantageous locations such as Kaliningrad, where Russia is known to test both nuclear and chemical weapons.”
Remaining keenly focused and composed, Krause clicked a button on the remote control, and the screen changed to a timeline predicting the events of the next ninety-six hours. “The attack is predicted to take place any time in the next four days. I am sure it is obvious to you all that we have no choice but to act as though it is occurring imminently. Hence, urgent decisions are required.” Krause nodded his head to the intelligence chief without retaking his seat; Stefan couldn’t help noticing the tension in his squared shoulders, and the solemn frown etched across his face.
The president of the BND, Sophia Klein, addressed Stefan directly as she said: “In summary, what we have been able to gain from this intelligence suggests elevated Russian force readiness across multiple commands, but no confirmed launch indicators yet.”
Stefan nodded his understanding, despite still struggling to understand what was truly happening all around him, the faint tear stains on his face testament to his earlier pain. This sounds bad… This sounds very bad.
Finding his way through his haze of troubled thoughts back to the present moment, his eyes flicked from the intelligence chief to the Defence Minister, Heinrich Schneider. “At this stage, Russia’s posture is consistent with coercive pressure rather than imminent attack. But as Inspector General Krause pointed out, we have no option but to expect the worst, and to act accordingly.”
I don’t know what to think; I just don’t know… And all the while I’m nodding with them, trying to seem calm and authoritative, acting like I understand. But how could I possibly understand any of this? A man whom I have seen as family for longer than I can remember has proved himself to be a traitor to me and my country, in the most vile sense of the word. It is utterly impossible to understand.
“Airspace monitoring has been intensified, Mr Chancellor,” the Inspector of the Air Force put forward. “Early-warning systems are operating normally.”
The Director for Cyber Foreign and Security Policy was the next to speak. Stefan was already having difficulty taking in everything they were saying. “As of today, we’re detecting increasing probing of military and government networks.”
“So, what you’re saying is…” Stefan rubbed the bridge of his nose sorely, his words failing him. As a secondary wave of emotion flooded through him, he was horrified to feel tears stinging his eyes once more. He ducked his head at once, hiding himself from their concerned gazes. It was all just too much to bear.
“Sorry. Sorry, everyone… I’m sorry…”
His heart began to pound, the blood churning around his head and roaring in his ears. He couldn’t look a single one of them in the eyes; he couldn’t admit to himself that this was happening; he couldn’t even say one word.
Then he gritted his teeth. He bit down hard, biting down on all of his raging pain and suffering. A strong, burning feeling grew deep within him, seething and primal in all of its strange intensity. A spark ignited a flame, and a flame intensified into a fire.
All at once, Stefan knew. He knew that he was done with suffering. He was finished with dismissing the truth. No - he was ready to face it, in all of its horrifying brutality, no matter how terrible it might have been.
Come on, Stefan. Come on - they’re waiting for you.
This was reality now. It was hideous, but it was reality. And Stefan had to rise to the challenge; it was his only option.
They need a leader, and you have to be that leader. Without a leader, during such a crisis as this, Germany will crumble.
And I cannot see Germany crumble.
Stefan lowered his hand from his face, meeting the gazes of everyone around the table one by one. As he did so, his eyes burned with a new, vigorous determination - something which seemed to catch their attention, and which fuelled his own desire to lead them.
Pull yourself together, Stefan. It’s time to face the facts.
But he had not yet started to speak when the door burst open with excessive force. No knock - it just opened.
Panic scrawled across his paling face, Inspector General Krause’s adjutant entered the room, tablet tucked tightly under one arm.
Oh no. This can’t be good.
“Mr Chancellor, I apologise for the interruption.”
“It’s fine, it’s fine,” said Stefan hastily. What has he come here to tell us? Oh, God… “Go ahead.”
“Sir… we have confirmed SATINT showing active fuelling operations at Kaliningrad’s 152nd Missile Brigade. Multiple RS-24 Yars being brought to launch readiness.” His gaze travelled across everyone in the room, as the news settled in the air like a thick blanket of smoke. Then, to Stefan he said: “I’m sorry, Sir.”
Fuck.
Oh, fuck.
This is it. It’s beginning. Any doubt we had about Russia’s intentions is no longer valid.
This is war.
The Inspector General’s adjutant dismissed himself from the room. Gradually, those present around the table began to look at one another, as though struggling to take what they had just heard for the truth. Because sometimes it is hard to accept the truth, when the truth could very well mean thermonuclear warfare.
The BND chief was the first to speak.
“Sir, this is a critical update and we must plan our next course of action appropriately. This constitutes REDCON-1 indicators, Sir. We’re seeing the final pre-launch sequences; we can now assess probability of attack within the next two hours at greater than eighty percent.”
Stefan felt a shudder of intense fear ripple through him. Two hours. Oh, my God.
“Mr Chancellor, we have a rapidly closing window,” pushed Inspector General Krause. “I’m recommending immediate transition to DEFCON 2 equivalent and authorisation for preemptive counterforce operations.
“Sir, you do understand that… if Russia’s RS-24s achieve launch readiness, we lose any chance of a first-strike interdiction. In other words… Berlin - which is the obvious main target - will be a pile of ashes in two hours’ time.”
“Yes,” said Stefan, inhaling deeply, “I understand, Inspector General.”
I understand now; I understand what this means. I just still can’t believe that it’s happening…
“Sir, we need authorisation to deploy our Taurus cruise missiles against their forward-staging areas - specifically the Kaliningrad complex and the Pskov airbases. We are requesting your permission to execute contingency plan EISENWALD - the plan no-one thought we would ever need…”
“I concur with the Inspector General, Mr Chancellor,” stated the Defence Minister, seeming unable to hide his growing anxiety. “We’re looking at a… use-it-or-lose-it scenario, shall I say, with our standoff munitions.”
“On the other hand, immediate hotline communication with Moscow is critical while we still have diplomatic channels,” cautioned the Foreign Minister. “We need to signal our awareness and resolve any further conflict as soon as possible.”
Stefan gave his response with full conviction, lifting his head a little at the Foreign Minister’s advice. “I absolutely agree. Diplomacy is vital, even in times like these. None of us want this to be happening, so we must do everything in our power to put an end to it.”
“Sir…” Inspector General Krause placed both hands on the table, enunciating each of his words with precise, careful gestures. “When you say ‘everything in our power’, do you mean-?”
Stefan already knew what he was going to say, and he wouldn’t have it. “No. Absolutely not, Inspector General. I know what you’re going to tell me; you’re going to tell me that we could end this war in three days if we targeted their rail networks, their hospitals, their airports. And I’m telling you no. Not for any reason do we target Russia’s civilian infrastructure. And if an opportunity arises in which you have the time and the capabilities to target the Kremlin, Novo-Ogaryovo, or any government buildings - you don’t even need to tell me, because I want you to turn it down.”
The Inspector General was regarding him in almost incredulous confusion, but Stefan proceeded.
“Inspector General, I…” Stefan’s voice broke, and something inside him twisted painfully. “I cannot see innocent Russian citizens die. And I cannot - no, I will not - harm their president.”
There was a silence, brief yet powerful. Stefan held the Inspector General’s gaze with a certain, firm authority that seemed to make everyone in the room stare at him in silent respect.
“Do I make myself clear, Inspector General?”
“Yes, Mr Chancellor. Understood.”
“Thank you. Thank you all, for your support, for your understanding, and most importantly, for your diligent hard work. But I’m afraid the worst of it may only just be beginning.” He sighed, and the breath shook slightly as it left his lips. “Crossing the Rubicon is, as some may say, a one-way street. And I feel obliged to warn you all now, before it is too late, that things are about to get extremely challenging. I do not know where we will go from here, and we can expect every step to be an impossible decision, weighed down with the pressure of eighty-three million lives depending entirely on us. If you wish to terminate your involvement with this, and with the German government as a whole - for any reason; I am not asking you to justify your decision - now is your chance to voice this.”
Silence. Everyone looking at him.
“We’re with you all the way, Mr Chancellor. We are with Germany all the way,” said Sophia.
There was earnest agreement from around the table.
“OK, then.” Dipping his head in acknowledgement of their bravery and commitment, Stefan felt the need to show his undying gratitude for their support - before it was too late. “Thank you, everyone. And I hope you know that I will always feel the same way.”
In truth, Stefan had already made his decision - but now that he knew everyone was on the same terms as him, it was time to announce it.
“Inspector General, you have authorisation. Execute Operation EISENWALD.”

