An hour after leaving Olenya Airbase, Stefan was beginning to ease into the strange comfort of the flight - specifically, the phenomenally advanced feature the Su-57 encompassed known as ‘supercruising’.
He spoke aloud to himself into his helmet - the same as he always did when flying, but this time it was even more important, for it meant that Nikolai and Karl could hear through their headsets what he was doing, and if there was any upcoming manoeuvre that might affect them. After all, they were his copilots.
“Throttles eased back past military power - no afterburner needed. Mach 1.2 and climbing without the fuel burn. Airframe barely shuddering - that’s the beauty of it, gentlemen. Mach 1.4. Altitude holding at forty-five thousand feet.”
Stefan scanned his eyes across the instrumental panel of the beautiful jet. The cockpit was cosier than what he was used to, especially with the tandem three-seater arrangement, but Stefan found that he didn’t much mind it. They were already heading out over the open ocean, and the feeling was quite wonderful.
“Wings level. Autopilot engaged - letting the fly-by-wire do the work. Fuel flow optimal. Engine temps steady in the green. Double-checking the displays. Radar sweeping - empty sky ahead, nothing painting on the scope. RWR quiet - no search radars looking for us. IRST tracking cold - infrared search system passive.
“Trim adjustments minimal. Aircraft good with flying itself at this speed, barely touching the stick. Contrails streaming behind, probably visible for miles, I should think.
“Mach 1.5 now. Fuel gauge ticking down slower than it would’ve with the burners lit.” His attention switching from his own methodical, formulaic thoughts to the two men seated behind him, he remarked: “That’s supercruise in a nutshell, if either of you are interested - sustained supersonic without the thirst. Now, let’s see… Ground speed over nine hundred knots. HUD showing the horizon line, heading marker locked on course. GPS navigation steering us true. Minutes to next waypoint counting down.
“Steady engine hum through the helmet. Slight vibration in the controls. The sky’s darker blue up here; that’s the curve of the earth barely visible at the edges. We’re good, my friends; we’re flying.”
Stefan grinned behind his helmet, just as Nikolai’s crackling, muffled voice came through to him. “Not a bad view, is it, Captain? A bit dark, but other than that, it’s nice enough.”
“Hm,” agreed Stefan, slumping back from the controls and gazing around, “yes, not bad at all, is it? Of course, it’s a little spoiled given the fact that we’re travelling to Area 51, but…”
Karl and Nikolai chuckled.
Up here, forty five thousand feet above the ocean, travelling at speeds in excess of one thousand miles per hour, Stefan felt calmly focused. The adrenaline had not completely faded, but it was less prevalent now.
High in the sky, with his hand on the sidestick of a good fighter jet, was where Stefan would always belong. This thought alone gifted him immeasurable confidence.
Unfortunately, that confidence almost entirely withered when, just moments later, Karl said: “What’s that, Stefan? No, no - just over there, on the horizon. It might only be my eyes, of course, but don’t you think it looks a bit like… a helicopter?”
Stefan felt a shudder prickle down his spine. He could see it too: a tiny speck of light in a limitless swathe of blackness, ever so slightly reflecting the moonlight in a way that was terribly unfortunate for the helipilot - especially if they had hostile intentions towards Stefan.
His eyes dropped to the radar. The helicopter - approaching from the west - was nothing more than an ominous little dot creeping towards them. But Stefan had a horrible feeling about it.
“Buckle up, gentlemen,” he warned his companions, placing his right hand on the sidestick and his left on the throttle, and trying to ignore the hot sweat that was already beading on his brow. “We’re about eight hundred miles an hour too fast for them, so I don’t have many qualms about this, but it’s always best to be careful. So - assuming we’re working on the assumption that they’re with the Americans - we’re going to ward them off.”
“‘Ward them off’?” mumbled Nikolai. “I’m not sure if I like the sound of that, Stefan. Don’t throw us around too much in the back here, please.”
Stefan gave a tight, uneven laugh. “I can’t make any promises.”
Then his eyes were fixed on the helicopter, his hand was settling around the sidestick, and, in a rather strange, anxious way, he felt ready to face whatever this new danger might be.
He changed course and turned the jet steeply westwards, the cockpit dipping down to the left with the movement. Straightening up again - heading straight for the helicopter now - he throttled back, dropped out of the supercruise, and braced for the distinctive thud as the shockwave of the sound barrier passed through the airframe. The speed bled down to subsonic, and Stefan decelerated further before settling the jet at four hundred knots.
“I’m not planning on vaporising the thing,” Stefan said, partly to himself, “just persuading them that chasing after us isn’t such a good idea after all. We can’t allow ourselves to be intercepted before we have even reached Nevada. If this is the Americans, then of course, it means they know we’re coming - and that’s no good thing. But either way, even if I wanted to, I couldn’t unleash the missiles on them. There’s always a chance that it’s a civilian aircraft, and I’m never prepared to take that risk.”
“Well, it sounds like you know what you’re doing, Captain,” remarked Karl. “Go for it.”
Stefan waited until the helicopter was close enough - about three miles away. Then he moved.
“Weapons selector to gun. Breaking right, full stick deflection.” On his decision, the engines screamed and the jet swerved sharply to the right. He heard Nikolai and Karl wince with discomfort and quickly apologised, but he himself was painfully familiar with the powerful clarity of such a movement. “Rolling out perpendicular to their flight path. One mile separation, passing alongside. Nein, nein - throttling back hard, speed bleeding. Can’t overshoot it… Banking around, pulling lead pursuit - cutting inside their turn radius. They’re onto me; they’re trying to break left now, but it’s far too late.”
Suddenly, Stefan realised that he recognised the aircraft. Holy shit… isn’t that the Russian presidential helicopter - the Mil Mi-8 we took from Novo-Ogaryovo?
He caught himself in the act of losing focus and swiftly regained it. “Settling in behind and offset - seven o’clock position, eight hundred metres. Perfect angle on the tail boom. Speed matched, around one-eighty knots.”
A bright green dot - the ‘pipper’, predicting the impact point of the Su-57’s ammo - appeared on the Head-Up Display, the transparent screen through which Stefan looked. His gaze locked onto it, adrenaline shooting to the tips of his fingers and causing his hand to tighten around the control stick.
“Pipper tracking. Leading the target slightly. Six hundred metres. HUD solution good.”
A breath caught in Stefan’s throat, and he didn’t dare exhale it - not yet.
He squeezed the trigger.
“Cannon rattling - short burst, no more than ten rounds.” The tracers glowed on the tail boom of the helicopter, strike after strike colliding with the fuselage in a spattering of sparks and a shattering of debris. Parts of the boom rapidly began to disintegrate. Stefan took his thumb off the trigger before any smoke began to billow into the night sky.
The helicopter reacted immediately, spinning away hastily but with the full power of its engine still behind it - Stefan had been careful to avoid that compartment, and to limit the amount of rounds he released on it. Up close, he could see that it was indeed the same Mil Mi-8 he had flown just hours ago. How strange. That doesn’t make any sense… That meant that the heli was bulletproof, and so the rounds would have inflicted even less damage than Stefan might have expected.
“Jesus Christ, Stefan,” he heard Nikolai gasp.
“I know, I know… Before we leave them, I still need to communicate with them - make sure that they got the message.”
Karl laughed incredulously. “I think they got the message, Stefan!”
Well… one thing I’ve learnt is that you can never be too sure.
Stefan knew what to do. Again, his hand tightened around the sidestick and he made his move. “Throttles back further, two-fifty knots now. Easting up alongside - overtaking from behind and below their left side.” Quickly and precisely, he manoeuvred the jet so that they were parallel with the helicopter - keeping a safe distance, but not too far away to be unable to make out the pilot.
“Speed dropping to match theirs: one-sixty knots. Flaps down to twenty degrees, to stay slow and prevent stalling. Settling into formation - fifty metres lateral separation, slightly ahead so they can see us clearly. Close enough to read markings on the fuselage - good. Throttle work constant - hard work keeping a jet flying at such a low speed. Nikolai, Karl… can you see the pilot in the cockpit?”
Confused exclamations of acknowledgement came through Stefan’s helmet.
“Good; that means they can see me easily. In fact, they’re looking right at me now - they look panicked.”
For a split second, Stefan shared the helipilot’s panic.
“Oh, my God - isn’t that General Rucker? The man we kidnapped?”
“What the fuck?” cried Karl, leaning over in his seat to better make out the helipilot. “I… I think it is!”
“Christ, they are after us. They know we’re coming…” Perhaps the general awoke in the helicopter - unrestrained, where we had left him upon arrival at Olenya Airbase - and decided to get into the cockpit and go after us. Though I don’t doubt that President Kane knows we’re coming now…
Stefan made a desperate attempt to keep his tone calm and authoritative as he prepared himself to make contact with General Rucker. He switched to the guard frequency, 121.5 megahertz, and keyed the microphone. Tipping up his goggles and maintaining firm eye contact with the general, he said: “Mil Mi-8, I think you know who this is. We’re fifty metres off your left wing. Turn around now or we will blow you out of this sky. Those were warning shots but we can do much worse. Acknowledge.”
Stefan waited. Two seconds passed, then three. He kept his eyes on General Rucker for the entire time. To say the very least, the general looked infuriated. But if he knows what’s best for him, he’ll make the galling decision - and the decision that will save his life.
Static crackled in Stefan’s helmet, and he held his breath expectantly for the response. Silence in the cockpit, even from Nikolai and Karl. Please just back down, General. I don’t want to send you up in a fireball, for God’s sake, I really don’t.
“Wilco… you motherfuckers.”
Stefan released the breath he had been restraining, relief purging the adrenaline from his blood.
“But we’re not done with you. Don’t fuckin’ think we are. You know, if I were you, I’d turn back before it’s too fucking late.”
Before he broke off and climbed away, the general jabbed Stefan his middle finger. Stefan raised his eyebrows at the brazen gesture, but resisted the temptation to stoop to the general’s level with his own childish response. Instead, he increased his speed and continued flying straight as the Mi-8 swooped away to the right, battlescarred and retreating.
“And onwards we go,” Stefan muttered, peering over his shoulder to exchange glances with Karl and Nikolai.
Karl scoffed. “What a prick,” he said of General Rucker, rather appropriately.

23


“JESUS CHRIST, LIZ,” scoffed Dalton, regarding, with unconcealed contempt, the bubbling gruel Colonel Reynolds was heartily tucking into, “I don’t know how you soldiers eat that stuff.” He laughed loudly. “It’s like pig food!”
“With all due respect, it’s actually Colonel Reynolds, Mr President,” Liz corrected him impatiently, wiping her mouth on the sleeve of her combat shirt and turning to face him. “And you needn’t worry, Sir. It may look revolting, but personally, I’d favour food from the Homey Airport canteen over a five-star restaurant any day.”
Dalton smirked. “Is that so?”
Colonel Reynolds’ face was devoid of humour. “No, Sir. It’s not.”
Unimpressed at her attempt at sharpwittedness, Dalton didn’t waste his breath replying and returned to the matter at hand. “So,” he began, straightening up on the bench where he sat, his voice echoing around the quiet canteen so abruptly that his protection officers flinched, “I know you’re on your break, but I came here to tell you something urgent.”
Colonel Reynolds pushed back her bowl of gruel and devoted her attention to her president. “Sir?”
“We have heard from General Rucker that Adler is heading out across the Atlantic in a Russian fighter jet as we speak. The general said he would make an attempt to intercept them, but as we haven’t heard anything from him since, I shouldn’t think it’s gone very well for him.” Dalton raised his eyebrows and pulled a face in nonchalant concern. Frankly, he felt inclined not to care whether the general lived or died after his rookie mistake in giving away Dalton’s location. “With all things considered, Adler and his ‘accomplices’ could prove to be a threat. But to be honest with you, kid,” he continued, still addressing the woman in her mid forties sitting next to him, “I don’t think he’ll get past the first intercept point. We’ve got, what, a hundred supersonic US fighter jets that we can scramble to stop him?”
“It’s more like fifty, actually, Sir.”
“OK, fifty - whatever. My point still stands that we’ve got one hundred elite US fighter jets-”
“Fifty, Sir.”
“-and he’s got one Russian plane. The odds don’t look pretty for him, now, do they?”
The colonel shook her head thoughtfully. “They don’t, Sir.” Her expression darkened, and Dalton revelled in the powerful anticipation flaring within him. “So are we ready to initiate the second phase?”
Dalton grinned charmingly. “Now, that’s what I came to talk to you about, sweetheart.”
He opened his mouth to proceed, but spun around when he heard the hasty clicking of heels on concrete. Clover came stumbling over to him, her golden-syrup hair strewn across her pallid, freckled face.
“Sir!”
Not for the first time that day, Dalton rolled his eyes. “Jesus, what now?”
“I apologise for the interruption, Sir,” stammered Clover, and she held out a mobile phone which he promptly snatched from her grasp, “but I’m afraid it’s important.”
For fuck’s sake, you dumb blonde. How did you even get this job? God, it’s not even worth the paperwork to fire you…
“Yeah, I’m sure it is important - but so is this, so it better be quick.” Without waiting for Clover to finish, Dalton lifted the phone to his ear. “Yep?”
“Mr President, it’s me again.”
Dalton’s brow furrowed, and a small prick of unease niggled at the seams of his composure. “Johnny? What’s going on, man? Give me an update.”
“Well… they got away, Sir. I took a modified Mil Mi-8, but turns out it’s mainly equipped with defensive features. It’s not built for a dogfight, so I didn’t want to get myself into one. Forgive me, Sir.”
Dalton’s unease manifested at once into building frustration - with perhaps just a small tainting of fear that he didn’t dare reveal. “So you’re telling me they’re still coming?”
“Yes, Sir, I’m afraid so; but the good news is you should still have several hours yet. They’re in a Sukhoi Su-57, which has a supercruise feature integrated, so it won’t take ‘em long. But you’ve got several hours, Sir. In that time, I suggest you continue to work towards initiating the second phase.”
“Specifically,” said Dalton through ground teeth, “how many hours, Johnny?”
There was a hesitant silence.
Dalton made the decision to hurry him along, because at this point, they hadn’t any time to waste. “JOHNNY!”
“Yes, Sir. Uh… I would say you have… no more than four hours.”
“Four hours?” Dalton barely restrained from slamming a fist down on the rickety canteen table. “Goddamn it!”
“Sir?”
“That’s not enough time, Johnny!”
Dalton breathed out shakily, raking his fingers roughly through his gelled chocolate hair. He couldn’t hide it even from himself now - he was panicking.
“That’s nowhere near enough time, Johnny!” he yelled again. “How do you expect the second phase to work at all with this time pressure, Johnny? How do you expect me to get three hundred thousand US soldiers across the Atlantic to swarm Germany in FOUR FUCKING HOURS?! GODDAMN IT, JOHNNY - ADLER WASN’T EVEN SUPPOSED TO BE ALIVE FOR THIS!”

24


THEY HAD BEEN flying all night across the open ocean. Now, upon arrival in Nevada, night had crept in once again.
But the constant darkness was the least of Stefan’s worries.
“I think I see it,” he mumbled.
Karl shuffled upwards in his seat; Stefan heard the creak of leather as he awoke. “Hm?”
“Oh, you can’t seriously have been asleep, Karl,” said Stefan, somehow succeeding in a small, uneasy chuckle.
“What on earth are you talking about?” Karl teased him. “Me? Asleep? And at a time like this? Never!”
“Wake Nikolai up, will you?” Fera quickly returned to the forefront of Stefan’s mind, and he squinted urgently into the blackness beyond, already bringing the jet’s speed back down. “I see it.”
Speckling the parched Nevada desert - rugged with ochre-red hills and shimmering faintly in the light of the moon - were several fuzzy amber lights. Surrounding these lights were numerous, large warehouses. Or, more likely, they were aircraft hangars.
This location was some way into the distance yet - but if Stefan kept the jet at a steady speed of around seven hundred and fifty knots, they would probably be within Area 51 airspace in no more than a few minutes.
“Niko! Wake up, you lazy git.” Karl was bending over in his seat to shake Nikolai awake. “We’re almost there.”
“What…?” yawned Nikolai. Then he snapped fully awake. “Oh - oh, shit. Uh… OK. Are you ready, Captain? Is everyone ready?”
Stefan sucked his teeth ruefully, double-checking the fastening of his harness. “As ready as I’ll ever be, Nikolai.”
“Alright,” announced Karl quite suddenly, a note of firm decisiveness and determination to his words. “OK… We can do this. We’ve got this, gentlemen. And no matter what happens, we try our very best to stick together, and to give it everything we’ve got.” He reached forwards to lay his hand on Stefan’s shoulder, then reached behind to place his other hand on Nikolai’s arm. “For our families. For our countries. And for us. Ja?”
“If I had a shot of vodka, I’d drink to that,” said Nikolai.
“Wise words, Karl.” Stefan glanced over at him, and bit back the tears that sprung into his eyes. “Wise words.”
He turned back to look out of the windshield and rubbed his wedding ring firmly with his thumb, relishing the smooth, familiar feel of the gold against his skin. I’m coming home, Kathryn. I love you.
Cracking his knuckles, he settled both hands back on the sidestick and the throttle. Blinking back his tears, he checked his speed. Cruising along nicely at seven hundred knots. But things were about to get a whole lot faster.
“Hold on, my friends.”
From over the brow of a mountain cloaked in shadows, the airspace came into full view. Stefan decreased their altitude, held back a little on the speed, and switched the weapons selector to radar-guided missiles.
They entered the restricted airspace.
The effect was immediate.
As the threat warning blared in his helmet, Stefan began to speak. “RWR lighting up - multiple search radars painting me. Counting contacts on the scope - ten, fifteen, twenty. More… Maybe F-22s, or F-35s. Fifty jets inbound, converging from all vectors. Oh, scheisse… here we go.”
His radio crackled and popped ominously, followed by a terse, American-accented command: "Unidentified aircraft, this is the United States Air Force. You have entered restricted airspace. Alter course immediately or you will be engaged.”
Stefan did not reply.
Switching off his mic, he said: “Master arm hot. Weapons free. We’ve begun.”
He dived the jet downwards towards the facility, heading straight for the approaching US fighter jets, the rush of the sudden movement and surge of speed throwing him back in his seat.
“First merge - chaos. Breaking hard left, full afterburner.” He swerved to the left, ducking away from the oncoming jets in an urgent yet calculated attempt to better orient himself with their positions. The G-forces crushed down on him, but Stefan was well accustomed to their strength. “Radar lock on lead aircraft. Fox Three - first active radar missile away.”
A streaming missile burst out from beneath the Su-57 with a furious hiss, locked on to the F-22 speeding towards them, and collided with it in a blinding fireball of destruction. The jet disintegrated, pieces of it falling in flames and raining down upon the desert.
The instant he confirmed the impact, Stefan moved to select his next target. His adrenaline was in full force now and, when combined with the keenness of his knowledge and training, it provided him with lethal focus. There was no time to hesitate now.
“Fox Three again. Squeezing the trigger.” A second missile streaked off the rail. Seconds later, Stefan was the one under fire. Oh, shit! His reaction was immediate; almost instinctual. “Breaking right, chaff and flares dispensing - someone’s fired on us. Ah, phew… Missile passing wide, distracted by countermeasures.” Verdammt - that was a close one!
Explosions spattered in the distance, meaning that Stefan felt safe to confirm two kills - but there were forty-eight more still to go. Fuck this… “Continuing the turn, energy management critical. Mustn’t bleed too much speed. Radar lock - Fox One.” Without wasting a second, he released another missile. Another enemy jet broke apart ahead, and Stefan narrowed his eyes at the light from the explosion, jerking the sidestick and dodging away from the falling debris.
Yet still, the US jets were closing in. Stefan was terribly outnumbered; he had known that from the off. But he also knew that there was no turning back now.
“More contacts closing. Scheisse… Selecting gun. Merge with an F-22 - brief snapshot, trigger down.” He fired several rounds at the opposing aircraft, the strikes dancing off the wing root. Smoke trailed from the affected area as the pilot made a hasty decision to peel off.
“RWR screaming constantly now. Threat indicators everywhere. Flares auto dispensing.”
Stefan had no other option. Despite the multiple jets he had successfully taken out, there were still so many more. Making a split-second decision to avoid several missiles headed his way, Stefan warned his friends: “Hold on!”
Then he rolled the jet upside down.
The harness strained against his shoulders. The blood rushed to his head, the ground blurring by before his eyes - thousands of feet below them, and yet it still seemed so close. In spite of the sheer terror of the situation, Stefan felt a rush that could only be experienced from flying a fighter jet upside down at four hundred miles per hour. It made his heart thrash against his ribcage.
“Rolling inverted, pulling through.” The moment it was safe to do so, Stefan righted the jet, his blood pouring back into his legs with the motion and his stomach settling.
“Another lock - Fox Three.” As he sent off another missile, Stefan realised with a gush of fear that he had lost count of how many he had fired. That was never  a good thing.
Moments later, he gave a sickening jolt when he looked back at the displays. “Oh, shit. Ammunition’s running low… Tally ten, maybe twelve kills, but they just keep coming.”
The threat warning blared once again throughout his helmet, ringing in his ears, sending the fear deep into his chest.
“Multiple missile launches - three, four inbound. Dispensing everything, breaking hard. One missile decoyed. Two more tracking.”
Shit, shit, SHIT!
The Su-57 ducked and dived through the moonlit blackness at unbeatable speeds, but Stefan feared that it just wasn’t quick enough. Explosions lit up the night sky; missiles whistled through the freezing air. The US Air Force continued their relentless attack - but Stefan refused to retreat.
“Pulling nine Gs now. First missile overshooting - good, but there’s more where that came from. Oh, fuck…”
Stefan’s vision was greying at the edges. The speed was exceptional, the manoeuvres rapid and jarring. His hands sweated around the controls and his heaving adrenaline threatened to disturb the contents of his stomach without warning. Stefan was trained hard to deal with such emotions, as was any fighter pilot, but right now, it was all getting too much for him. He didn’t know how much longer he could cope.
“Second missile still tracking. More chaff. Missile detonating close - ah!” Shrapnel pinged off the airframe, the sound piercing his ears. “More warning tones. Hydraulic pressure fluctuating but holding…
“FUCK! Another launch warning - I didn’t see it coming. Breaking late-”
Stefan grunted at the shudder that wracked the plane and his body, and heard the cries from Nikolai and Karl behind him. Oh, no. “Missile impact - left engine. Huge explosion, whole aircraft yawing violently.”
His mind raced, his heart thundering with the speed of his speech.
“Fire warning light - left engine. EGT spiking red. Throttling back, trying to shut it down.” The plane juddered in complaint, sparks flying off the smoking engine as Stefan fought to regain control. Their altitude was dropping - fast. “Secondary explosion. Airframe shuddering, controls going mushy. Oh, fuck! Right engine still going but losing hydraulics fast. Flight control system degrading. Stick barely responding. Aircraft going into a roll… uncontrollable… oh, fuck… altitude unwinding… five thousand feet… four thousand…”
I can’t recover this. I know I can’t. I certainly tried, and I’m not giving up. But the best decision I can make right now is also, unfortunately, the decision no pilot ever wants to make.
“NIKOLAI, KARL!” screamed Stefan, struggling to find his words as he was buffeted ceaselessly against the sides of the jet, rolling and spinning violently towards the earth. “PULL THE YELLOW AND BLACK HANDLE BETWEEN YOUR LEGS! DO IT NOW!”
Stefan clamped his feet together hard. He held himself straight back against his seat and tucked in his chin. Steeling himself for what was to come, he lurched forwards and pulled the ejection handle between his legs.
The canopy jettisoned, the explosive bolts firing and the glass separating with a deafening bang. The wind blast was immediate, and it was like nothing else. Stefan had never had to eject before, but now he knew that it was pure agony.
The rocket motor ignited beneath his seat, propelling him suddenly upwards with shocking acceleration. There were several seconds of crushing force, the sky spinning around him and everything blurring into confusion and chaos. The wind roared in his ears, pulling at his skin and rippling against his flight suit. Twenty Gs slammed into him.
Then the seat separated and the drogue chute deployed, stabilising his seemingly endless tumble through the darkness. His main chute deployed a heartbeat later, jerking his hand as it caught the air.
The sudden silence that followed was the most terrifying thing yet.
Sweat dripped down Stefan’s face, sticking to his collar. The sound of the wind in the parachute canopy was drowned out by the receding roar of fighter jet engines. He peered down, towards the airbase rising up below him, to see the burning wreckage of the Su-57 spinning down with the force of gravity.
Shit - Nikolai and Karl!
“Nikolai, Karl!” he called out, his voice hopelessly quiet in the boundless desert night. He couldn’t see them and he certainly couldn’t hear them. Oh, my God…
It was at that moment that a swirl of movement in the corner of his vision captured his attention. To his left and slightly below him, two battered parachutes were descending - carrying Nikolai and Karl with them.
Stefan was overcome with relief. Overall, they had succeeded in this first aspect of their mission. They were descending towards the airbase and, although they were no longer in a jet, they were alive. That was what mattered.
It was only seconds later that the ground was catching up to Stefan and he found himself crashing clumsily to earth. He tumbled down in a dry cluster of desert shrubbery, his parachute tangling around the sun-browned twigs of a sagebrush. Plumes of dust rose around him, irritating his airways and causing him to break into a spluttering, groaning cough. He pulled off his helmet and looked around unsteadily, and when it slipped out of his hands, he didn’t bother to bend down and pick it back up. I’m unlikely to need that again.
Though pain weakened his limbs and dizziness still fogged his thoughts, he managed to free himself from the folds of his parachute and stagger to his feet. Wrestling his way through the sagebrush, he scrambled to where Nikolai and Karl had landed.
He dropped down in the dirt and dug the two men out of their parachutes, dragging them out and brushing the dust from their clothes. Nikolai’s face was pale with shock, and Karl’s hands were stained with blood - but they were alright. They were alright!
“I’m so sorry,” Stefan blurted out, enclosing his arms around them both and holding them tight. “I had no other choice. I’m so sorry. Are you alright?”
Karl wiped his eyes on his sleeve, and stood with the aid of Stefan’s shoulder. “We’re OK, my friend. We’re OK. Don’t worry.”
“And it may have been the only choice,” said Nikolai, removing his helmet, then grimacing as he took Karl’s hand and rose to his full height, “but you made the right one, Captain. Who knows - if it hadn’t been for that incredible flying back there, we might already have died.” He smiled kindly, his lips trembling ever so slightly with the exhaustion that weighed him down. “Well done, Captain.”
“OK… Well, I’m glad we’re all alright. Now, we should move; the military personnel on the ground will be onto us in minutes.” Stefan gazed out across the runway that stretched alongside them, to the hangars and warehouses behind. As of yet, there were no signs of life - but it wouldn’t stay that way for long.
“Yes,” agreed Karl, chucking off his helmet in a shockingly defiant motion. He drew the Glock still secured under his belt and racked the slide, with a click that cut cleanly through the numbing desert air. “Let’s move.”

