Let me show you around the city
I learned to sing in front of everybody
I want to read more books this year
I can't remember where I left my keys
Do you walk through the park every evening?
Let me tell you the story of our journey
I can't wait to see my daughter at the airport
We really need to cut back on spending this month
Which movie should we watch?
Let's compare prices before we decide
She'll get that phone call from work
He might draw a picture of the village
He's picking up the kids from school
We've got to save up for our holiday
Have you heard? They're building a house near the sea
Are they out of their mind saying that?
I've never seen anything like this!
I'll be at the event myself.
Let's think outside the box more often
No one else can do it; it's yours.
Whether you like it or not, it's happening.
Are you coming to her birthday party?
I tried to catch up with the others
Can you show me how it works?
Are you selling your house next year?
Can you teach me how to cook?
I tried to hit the ball but missed
We're throwing a surprise party for him
I tried to catch the last bus home
Can you teach me how to dance?
Did they enter the building through the back door?
Don't forget to set your alarm for six
She'll catch a cold in this weather
She ran to catch the last train home
Did they really see a UFO?
They sold all their tickets
She's planning to move to the west coast
Keep working until you finish the job
I can't remember where I put my keys
Just say what you mean
Can I share my thoughts on this?
I'm here to help in any way I can
You should write down your ideas before you forget
They play football every Sunday afternoon
We're planning to visit Rome next summer
Don't forget to pay the bills on time
The show starts in five minutes
Did you hear? The car hit a tree
I always forget what's going on
Let's talk about the language of love
What happened to the rest of the cake?
Did you hear her sing about love and loss?
Wash your hands before you eat, please
We need to cut back on spending this month
Please close the door on your way out
Set the table for dinner, would you?
Close the window, it's getting cold outside
Wait for me at the bus stop
Fill the glass with water, would you?
I don't know the answer to that
Decide what you want for dinner
When did you arrive at the airport?
Ask for help if you need it
I love listening to music while cooking dinner
I love to read books in my bedroom
Put your coat on, it's cold outside
Wash your hands with soap and water
Did you draw a picture of your family?
I can't remember where I parked my car
Don't you think it's time for a change?
I think we should leave now
Do you love cooking in your bedroom?
I drew a picture of the land
Did the ball hit the window by accident?
We brought cake to the party
I'll start the car and drive home
Let's share our food with those in need
Did you hear they're allowing pets in the building now?
Let's try to walk more and drive less
Always compare prices before buying anything
I like to listen to music while working out
Would you like me to fill your cup with tea?
Did you hear? He hurt himself fixing the roof
They're letting us enter the building now
Let's walk to work to save money
Don't worry about what others think of you
Let's call for help - the car broke down
Cover your face with your hands
Wash your hands before you drink tea
What did you say to him yesterday?
Do you know the way to the hospital?
Call me if you need any help
What do you mean by that statement?
The car stops at the next station
Use this bottle to carry your water
Who will teach the class next week?
The meeting starts in five minutes
Clean your room before going out
Do you want to buy his hat?
I hate missing the bus in summer
Remember when we met at the coffee shop last week?
Did you hurt your leg during the football game?
Don't forget to be on time
Don't you think it's time for a change?
We missed the train by five minutes!
Are you trying to sell that radio at the market?
Have you been wearing the same shirt since then?
We'll have to stay home because of the rain
Do you like playing with your pet cat?
Don't forget to bring the ticket
I can't understand why he did that
Shouldn't we spend more time with family?
Did you forget to pay the electricity bill?
I'm taking the dog for a walk
Shouldn't we try to save some money?
He tried to catch the falling glass
Turn off the radio, please
Don't lie again, or you'll suffer
Don't forget to drink more water
He tried to catch the falling plate
